# **About Me**
- My name is Jacob and this is my second degree at Wake Tech. My favorite animals are dogs but foxes are a close second. I look forward to learning github in general because its helpful resource and tool in game design. My first degree at Wake Tech was in Criminal Justice. I use to be into the idea of maybe being a police officer, but over the years and due to a few negative experiences of my own, that idea has sort of faded away. However I could still find a job in police evidence managment which I recently applied for. Computer science and programming in general has always been something that I wanted to explore, only increasing more over the last few years when I started learning game design. I'm hoping that if I can't get a government job with my degree, that maybe either I can find a programming or IT job in general, or maybe use both degrees and find something releated to crimes that take place over the interenet. I study at Wake Tech full time but also work full time at PetSmart so a lot of my time is taken up sadley. I'm a bit of a "work-a-holic" however so it really is my own fault in putting myself into a busy schedule like this.
## **My Interests**
- Some of my interests are video games, game design, and teaching my dogs new tricks. I grew up playing video games since I was a child and still find it as a relaxing hobby that gives me a break from reality. Fast forward to today I love them so much that I like making my own small games which makes me interested in game design. This includes the coding, art, music, sound effects, story and so much more. This is one of the reason why I'm excited to learn GitHub in this class because it's a useful resource in backing up code in case an error occurs on my end. When I'm not playing or making games, I really do spend my other time with my two dogs. They're both pit mixes that I adopted, one of them is Diesel who I've been raising since I was 17 years old and in highschool and the other dog is named Cosmo who we resuced at the shelter from an abusive home that is really my fathers dog. I love teaching them advanced tricks like roll over, heel, speak, etc.
## **Websites I recommend**
- [YouTube] (https://www.youtube.com/) - I recommend YouTube as it provides a free infinite source of learning. It has informative videos to help me learn new topics like coding in game design, but also has videos such as background music to keep me focused on my school work or gaming videos which is related to my hobbies.
- [Reddit] (https://www.reddit.com/) - Though Reddit can have some weird people like any site on the internet, it has a lot of useful information you can learn and it allows you to ask questions in specific niches and groups. I personally like viewing and aksing question in the "Game Dev" Reddit groups as they provide feedback to any projects I share.
